Add mock assert rule (#5)
mytestopia/flake8-vedro: README.md

11. [VDR310. Some steps should not have an assertion](./flake8_vedro/rules/VDR310.md)
12. [VDR311. Scope variables should not be redefined](./flake8_vedro/rules/VDR311.md)
13. [VDR312. Scope variables should not be partially redefined](./flake8_vedro/rules/VDR312.md)

> 14. [VDR313. Mock call result should be saved as "self" attribute for assert in further steps](./flake8_vedro/rules/VDR313.md)

Reviewer: [Optional]

```suggestion
14. [VDR313. Mock call result should be saved as "self" attribute for further assertion](./flake8_vedro/rules/VDR313.md)
```

Reviewer: Ну и ниже в самих правилах тоже.

Author: Поправил
